hey guys Brian here with another clash
of clans video and today I'm going to be
bringing you a town hall level 8 base
design now this is a farming design some
of the people on Twitter asked me for
one I only have a town all of the night
at an all level 10 account so i also
have a couple other guys but they're not
town all the late so i'm going to be
building it on my channel 9 and leaving
out the stuff that is for Town Hall
level 9 i'll put it off to the side and
I'll make sure that you guys know the
difference but as you can see i changed
my theme it is december now it's the
best time of the year it's christmas is
coming up my birthday is coming up my
birthday is actually the day after
christmas really excited about that got
a busy week heading to San Francisco for
the vainglory event on thursday i'll be
sure to give you guys v logs of that and
then on the 20th i'm actually heading to
flagstaff arizona to go snowboarding
super stoked about that it's gonna be my
second time I went last year fell on my
butt a bunch got bruises everywhere but
anyway guys we're gonna begin this base
built I'm going to turn on some music
and we'll talk about the base at the end
here we go
and pretending nothing's wrong thoughts
say
thank you
the cross
k like you
when the cross
you
alright guys so here we go we have the
finished Town Hall level 8 base now I
might be off on some traps I'm not sure
of the exact amount of town hall level
eight however all this stuff down here
at the bottom is town at level nine I
need to add an extra wall somewhere I
think because you get 25 walls when you
upgrade you get 25 extra walls so i'll
just put it there for now but this is an
awesome base layout i think it's really
really good your storages are pretty
protected the one thing I really love
about this base is the mortar layout I
mean the mortars stretch all the way
around the base your wizard towers have
pretty good coverage the only sad that's
really lacking is that left side but
you're still going to have a bunch of
traps and everything for them to get
through so really solid down a level
eight days the clan castle I don't like
the location of the air defense is
pretty good I might need to shift some
or you might want to shift some air
bottoms up to the top if you're using
this space just because your air
defenses aren't reaching to all corners
so some mayor bombs up here would
probably be best and yeah pretty strong
base guys I hope you guys enjoy this if
you guys like this let me know in the
comments down below and I can find some
really really strong town a little 8 war
bases and show you guys those I've never
made a top-five Town Hall level 8 trophy
basis either so if you guys are
interested in that let me know down in
the comments down below and let me know
what you guys think about my new
Christmas theme but anyway guys let's
see when it 500 likes on this video and
leave your comments down in the comments
down below and you guys like comment
subscribe and take it easy